hello namaste
Salam alikoum sorry akahl welcome back
to another session with your wash of
Arabic calm you know today I am going to
show you one of my favourite samosa the
suka aloo suka masala you know this is
very very tasty and the beauty of it is
when you make it even if you make it in
the morning
even till night potatoes will not spoil
because the way we are going to make
this here I bought hot oil and these
potatoes I have cut into small pieces
with the skin on you know when you have
the skin on the flavor of the samosas
are even good
so look at this with the potatoes and
with the skin on I have cut into small
pieces I am going to fry this and make a
masala to stuff in the samosas now the
oil is hot
the potatoes are small pieces and
they're going to fry them so instead of
dropping these potatoes you know I am
just going to take it you know spoon
like this and this way you will not you
know burn your fingers while frying when
you add the potatoes to this oil just
hold on after you add a little bit then
keep adding little by little if the oil
is hot the oil may overflow and we're
going to fry these potatoes till they're
slightly colored and cooked now the
potatoes are frying but I am going to
show you the masala for this you know
here pepper powder a little bit of
turmeric some chaat masala and some
amateur powder okay coriander powder and
some cumin seed powder and also lot of
chopped coriander and once these
potatoes are fried we are going to add
the hot potatoes in this and mix it of
course we are going to sprinkle a little
bit of salt also in this and you want
this masala to be slightly you know
simmered with this hot potatoes that is
when this masala is going to be tasty I
am telling you these are going to be one
of this samosas you have out right now
you will have the masala in a ball and
you're going to add this hot fried but
it
in this and they're going to mix all
this masala along with this potato and
this is the masala what we are going to
you know stuff the samosas with okay I
am Telling You this is going to be very
tasty mixture but after you mix this
just put a lid and let it rest for a few
minutes after that I am going to show
you how to make the samosas now the
masala is all ready I am going to show
you how to make the sheets for making
awesome samosas
now I am going to make this by taking
around 300 grams of flour in this for
the flavouring I am going to add ajwain
in the dough and in this add right
amount of salt in the sheet now make a
well and pour around 100 grams of
vegetable shortening oil or ghee
whatever you want to make now add water
and make it a stiff dough that is like
pure IDO not like chapati chapati is
very soft the pour is a tighter dough so
we are going to add water and we are
going to make the dough and another
thing is once you make the dough we are
going to rest the dough that is when
your samosas will come out even better
now the dough is ready all you do is
just take a clean wrap or a cloth and
just wrap it and after resting it for
you know 30 minutes we're going to make
the samosas once you rest the dough
divide them into the portions you want
if you want bigger samosas you may have
to take bigger portions if you want
small samosas take it lemon size because
each dough you will be able to make 2
samosas now roll it first little bit
rounds for rolling the puris or samosa
dough you never have to use flour
because if you use flour first thing all
spoils and you know if you use the right
amount of shortening in the door then
you will be able to roll the sheet
easily look at this first make it
slightly round and then now make it
elongated like egg shape make it
slightly thinner look at this once you
roll it and you will be able to see kind
of literally the bottom little bit
that's when you cut like this and you
have the dough ready for two samosas got
it and one more thing is once you roll
it keep one over another and it will not
have a problem because they won't stick
and you can keep like this clean wrap in
the fridge for you know a day or two and
still roll the samosas if you add the
right shortening and the dough is
correct
they will never stick now the sheets are
also ready and to make this samosa is
very easy just take the sheet and apply
water on the edges and fold the samosas
okay now
put this masala in this the more the
potatoes the merrier the samosa sketch
so just seal the edges and press these
edges hard okay that is when you will be
able to seal the samosas right now pull
it on the table and shape them in such a
way they stand like little blue thus
look at them perfect isn't it
so this is our samosas so I am going to
fill the rest of them now these samosas
are stuffed with our suka aloo masala
and you know the oil is just you know it
should sizzle when you put the samosas
and that is when you will get even
colouring okay that's good now look at
these samosas evenly colored you know if
you put the samosas in really hot oil
they will get colored but the real the
texture of the samosas will get damaged
if the oil is slightly low temperature
the samosas will absorb oil so for the
right thing just put it in little low
heat and then you will have good samosas
these kind of samosas are very popular
especially while you are traveling and
in summers without adding onions
anything the samosa stays fresh little
longer table difference some people also
add raisins and other nuts in making
these samosas you know try this samosa I
am Telling You you will not only allow
the samosas you will allow me to but do
not forget whatever is all about
inspiring others to cook so please post
your recipes and cooking tips at
whatever come so others can benefit from
your great cooking